All Rice of valid time we are going to be taking in a time that has essentially five digits is going
to have two numbers a colon than two numbers and we're trying to find out is this a valid time or not.
You know 25 51 would be false because again only 24 hours a day.
So obviously that's false.
Oh 276 would be false because there's only 60 minutes an hour and we can't go 76.
So that's what we're trying to find out here is is this a valid time or not.
The two hints I have for you a person is split.
Let's jump into it.
All right so the first thing that I did to solve this was essentially split up the values based on a
colon because we know that were guarantee that hey we're getting a valid input.
So we're going to say look our minutes what I call it because that's what we're going to have basically
beginning is equal to the time of split.
And what are we split them or splitting on the colon to get our two values.
Now we've done that we have to sort of understand that how are we going to handle this.
Well we want to return a boolean.
And what I want to do is I'm going to return True assuming none of our false cases fail or are true.
And so what we can do is to kind of understand that we've now split our values up into hours and into
and into in two minutes.
And so from there we can just do two statements at check either one of these and if either of those
are true are either of those in if either those failure cases are true we're going to return false.
So let's start with minutes.
Well er excuse me Howard.
We'll start with ours.
We know where we're going to parse that in here because I want to make the comparison that if ours is
less than zero it's a negative number.
That's going to be false or if it's greater than 23 that's going to be false.
Not 24 because when you get hours to for 2400 a clock is always 23 59 and then when it hits the 24 hours
it's going to roll over in 2 000.
Right.
So we're parse it on our minutes 0 are our index and you know we could even do here we could we could
do this.
Let's use a little bit of I didn't do this originally hours minutes.
So we'll go ahead and do this like so this little bit of object the structure and it just makes a little
bit more readable.
If it's greater than 23 we're going to return false
or parse.
And ours is less than zero.
We're going to return false.
And now we're going to do the same thing separate do for the minutes.
So if you parse it on Minutes is greater than 59 or because again around 60 Minutes when you hit 60
it's going to rollover it is zero and it's going to increment the hour or if the parson value of minutes
is less than zero.
I mean it is a negative number.
We're going to return false and that's it.
We're good to go at this point.
So we're equating.
First off our hours and then our minutes and if either of those failure cases are not true we're just
going to return true because we we've hit all of the failure checks that we need to have for this.